Add resourceTags parameter documentation for HCIBox (#578)
Azure/arc_jumpstart_docs: docs/azure_jumpstart_hcibox/deployment_az/_index.md

  - _`deployBastion`_ - Option to deploy Azure Bastion which used to connect to the _HCIBox-Client_ VM instead of normal RDP.
  - _`autoDeployClusterResource`_ - Option to enable automatic deployment of the Azure Arc-enabled Azure Local instance after the client VM deployment and automation script execution is complete.
  - _`autoUpgradeClusterResource`_ - Option to enable automatic upgrade of the Azure Arc-enabled Azure Local instance after the instance deployment is complete (only applicable if autoDeployClusterResource is set to `true`).
  - _`resourceTags`_ - Tags to be added to the deployed resources.

  ![Screenshot showing example parameters](./parameters_bicep.png)

>     > **Note:** The `resourceTags` parameter is optional. If not specified, the following default value will be added:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
    > **Disclaimer:** The `governResourceTags` parameter is optional. If not specified, the following default value will be added:
```

  ```
  Project: 'jumpstart_HCIBox'
  CostControl: 'Ignore'
  SecurityControl: 'Ignore'
  ```

>      > `CostControl` and `SecurityControl` are applicable to internal Microsoft lab-tenants for managing automated governance processes related to cost optimization and security controls.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
     > Both the `CostControl` and `SecurityControl` tags are applicable to **ONLY internal Microsoft Azure lab-tenants**, and a designed for managing automated governance processes related to cost optimization and security controls. As mentioned, they will get added to the deployment only if the `governResourceTags` parameter was set to true. 
```
